These are DCU5 parameter files for different Pentax cameras.

Why use DCU5 to process Pentax .dng/.pef files?

1.	D-Range (highlight & shadow correction) compatibility. This is a proprietary code that's not really shared with anyone else. It basically extends the dynamic range of the sensor by reducing highlights & boosting shadows when necessary in AUTO mode or by whatever level you set D-Range to. It's like Nikon's Active D-Lighting, Canon's Auto Lighting Optimizer, Sony's Dynamic Range Optimizer, & similar. DCU5 is the only app that can handle the brightness, contrast, & exposure of D-Range embedded .dng/.pef files without any issues. All other RAW converters will try to "guesstimate" the exposure. Many RAW converters will get the exposure close enough, while others will completely fail at getting the exposure right. Although the RAW data is pretty much untouched, D-Range will have an impact on how the RAW converter handles the contrast, brightness, & exposure overall.
2.	Pentax colors. For those that love Pentax colors, you have the ability to use any of the 14 basic custom finishes, 17 variations of those custom finishes, & the 4 extra custom finishes for certain camera lens combos. The engineers at Ricoh pretty much give you full access to all their custom finishes. That's pretty impressive.

DCU5's default processing parameters usually get it all wrong, especially at higher ISO. There are also a few settings that one has to turn on/off to get images to look closer to the OOC jpegs. I made these parameters to help you get started, since there isnt much documentation out there. Have fun!
